Add note to dev cheat sheet on tests and public(friend) functions (#12476)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/dev_cheat_sheet.md

- Use the [`sui::test_utils`](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/crates/sui-framework/packages/sui-framework/sources/test/test_utils.move#L5) module for better test error messages via `assert_eq`, debug printing via `print`, and test-only destruction via `destroy`.
- Use `sui move test --coverage` to compute code coverage information for your tests, and `sui move coverage source --module <name>` to see uncovered lines highlighted in red. Push coverage all the way to 100% if feasible.

#### Declaring test modules as friends

Consider the following module:

```move
module package::mod {
    fun foo() {}
}
```

If the function `mod::foo()` should not be `public`ly accessible and, for any reason, needs to be tested/used in tests outside
of `package::mod`, declare the test module - e.g. `test_mod` - a `friend` of the function's module in `package::mod`, and
change the function's declaration to be `public(friend)`:

```move
module package::mod {
    friend package::test_mod;

    public(friend) fun foo() {}
}
```

As mentioned above, the signatures of `public(friend)` functions can be changed at will in future package versions.

> Note that, in this case, commands such as `sui move build`/`sui move coverage` will need the addition of the `--test` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using commands such as `sui move build` and `sui move coverage` with these modules, you must include the `--test` flag. See [Build and Test the Sui Move Package](move/build-test.md#building-your-package) for more information on building packages.
```
